Documentation update for varkes (#113)
kyma-incubator/varkes: app-connector-client/README.md

# App Connector Client
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/varkes-app-connector-client.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/varkes-app-connector-client)

> 

Author: For this document, I removed the sections which are no longer valid.

App Connector Client provides an interface to pair your application with Kyma, register APIs and send Events.

> After startup, you have access to:

Reviewer: It is already mentioned now in "run local" section

Reviewer: that link list is still twice

- UI - http://localhost:10000
- rest API - http://localhost:10000/metadata
- console - http://localhost:10000/console

> ## Run mock

Reviewer: Maybe even remove headline ...

Author: Done

> To run it local, specify the [varkes config](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/varkes/blob/master/app-connector-client/test/varkes_config.json) file:

Author: Should be `run locally` - will correct this after your suggestions. Also `varkes config` (formatting)

Reviewer: Please change it fully to:

## development
To run it local using an empty configuration
`npm start`

To run it local having debug logs enabled and an example configuration taken from the test suite:
`npm run start:dev`

Author: Done, had it in my notes :D and forgot to add.

```
npm install
node server/server <varkes_config.json>
```

After startup, you have access to:
- UI - `http://localhost:10000`
- rest API - `http://localhost:10000/metadata`
- console - `http://localhost:10000/console`

> ## Documentation

Author: I left this part.

> You can access OpenAPI documentation using `localhost:10000/metadata` or `swagger.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access OpenAPI documentation using `localhost:10000/metadata` or [api.yaml](server/resources/api.yaml) file.
```

Author: Done.

> ## Tests

Author: I left this one - but can remove it if it's no longer valid.

Reviewer: please remove it

Author: Removed.

# App Connector Client
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/varkes-app-connector-client.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/varkes-app-connector-client)

App Connector Client provides an interface to pair your application with Kyma, register APIs and send Events.

After startup, you have access to:
- UI - http://localhost:10000
- rest API - http://localhost:10000/metadata
- console - http://localhost:10000/console

## Development

> To run the Client locally, use an empty configuration:

Reviewer: with an empty config

Author: Done.

```

> npm install

Reviewer: npm start

Author: Done.
